someone reminded me I once said greed is
good now it seems it's legal because
everybody's drinking the same kool-aid
now I've been considered a pretty smart
guy and maybe I was in prison too long
one watch one mobile phone but sometimes
it's the only place to stay sane and
look out through those bars and say is
everybody out there nuts was one of the
biggest names on Wall Street before he
went to prison for insider trading that
name doesn't mean anything if it weren't
for people who took risks where would we
be in this world
my name is Jacob Laura Mary daughter my
daughter hasn't spoken to me in years
and you know what I never knew my dad is
a peaceful person that always scared me
I know it sounds crazy but they change
who do you think he is Jade
he'll hurt us why don't you start
calling me Gordon be part of the family
business
young my attention when you don't know
what you're doing
it's a fatal mr. more someone's your own
on sugar they took of my life and when I
got out who's waiting for me
nobody is about doing the right thing
it's about the game
I did tell you Jake I did warn you it's
easy to get in it's hard to get out
that threat absolutely